update migration guide (#6951)
RasaHQ/rasa: docs/docs/migration-guide.mdx

### General

> A lot has changed in version 2.0, we hope for the better! Make sure you read
> through this guide thoroughly, to make sure all parts of your bot are updated.
> A lot of updates can be done automatically with inbuilt commands, others will need
> some manual conversion. If you have any feedback about these updates, please post them
> in the [forum](https://forum.rasa.com/t/rasa-open-source-2-0-is-out-now-internal-draft/35577).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A lot has changed in version 2.0. Make sure you read
through this guide thoroughly, to make sure all parts of your bot are updated.
A lot of updates can be done automatically with inbuilt commands, others will need
some manual conversion. If you have any feedback about these updates or the migration process, please post it
in the [forum](https://forum.rasa.com/t/rasa-open-source-2-0-is-out-now-internal-draft/35577).
```

### Training data files

As of version 2.0, the new default training data format is yaml. Markdown is still supported,
but this will be deprecated in a future release.

You can convert existing NLU, Stories, and NLG (i.e. `responses.md`) training data

> files in the markdown format to the new yaml format using following commands:

Reviewer: Markdown and YAML (capitalization wise)

Converted files will have the same names as the original ones but with a
`_converted.yml` suffix.

### Policies

With the introduction of [rules](./rules.mdx) and the [RulePolicy](./policies.mdx#rule-policy),
the following policies are deprecated:

- [Mapping Policy](./policies.mdx#mapping-policy)
- [Fallback Policy](./policies.mdx#fallback-policy)
- [Two-Stage-Fallback Policy](./policies.mdx#two-stage-fallback-policy)
- [Form Policy](./policies.mdx#form-policy)

To migrate the policies automatically, you can run the following command:

```bash
rasa data convert config
```

> This command will take care of updating your `config.yml`, ``domain.yml` and `rules.yml` while
> making backups of your existing files using the `.bak` suffix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command will take care of updating your `config.yml` and``domain.yml`,
making backups of your existing files using the `.bak` suffix. It will also add a `rules.yml` if necessary.
```

`deny_suggestion_intent_name` are no longer configurable and have the fixed values
`action_default_fallback` and `out_of_scope`.

See the [fallback](./fallback-handoff.mdx#fallbacks) documentation for more
information.

### Forms

As of version 2.0 the logic for [forms](./forms.mdx) has been moved from the
Rasa SDK to Rasa Open Source to simplify implementation and make it easier to write
action servers in other languages.

This means that forms are no longer implemented using a `FormAction`, but instead

> defined in the domain. Any customisations around requesting slots or slot validation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
defined in the domain. Any customisations around slot validation
```
Requesting slots is handled via special actions, but not formvalidationactions

Reviewer: we can link to sections in the forms docs on this

Author: requesting slots is relevant here, if you have a custom slot mapping. so i'm leaving it in

        return []
```

> Start the migration by remoivng the FormPolicy and adding the [RulePolicy](./policies.mdx#rule-policy)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Start the migration by removing the FormPolicy and adding the [RulePolicy](./policies.mdx#rule-policy)
```

The [conversion command](./migration-guide.mdx#training-data-files) will automatically
convert your `responses.md` file, stories and nlu training data to the new yaml format.
Additionally you will need to rename the `respond_` actions in your stories files to use the
`utter_` prefix instead. For example:

```yaml-rasa
- story: chitchat
steps:
- intent: chitchat
- action: respond_chitchat
```
becomes

```yaml-rasa
- story: chitchat
steps:
- intent: chitchat
- action: utter_chitchat
```

and you will need to add the `utter_` prefix to the response names in your `responses.md`
as well. For example:

```yaml-rasa
responses:
  chitchat/ask_name:
    - text: Oh yeah, I am called the retrieval bot.

  chitchat/ask_weather:
    - text: Oh, it does look sunny right now in Berlin.
```

becomes

```yaml-rasa
responses:
  utter_chitchat/ask_name:
    - text: Oh yeah, I am called the retrieval bot.

  utter_chitchat/ask_weather:
    - text: Oh, it does look sunny right now in Berlin.
```

Finally, you should remove any actions with the `respond_` prefix from the actions
list in your domain.

This behavior will work fine when defined as a story, but even better when defined

> as a rule. You should consider transfering your retrieval stories to rules. More information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as a rule. You should consider transferring your retrieval stories to rules. More information
```

> on what that looks like in the [chitchat and faqs documentation](./chitchat-faqs.mdx).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on what that looks like in the [chitchat and FAQs documentation](./chitchat-faqs.mdx).
```
